>> Woodruff: ARMY OFFICIALS SAID
TODAY THE SUSPECTED GUNMAN IN
THAT DEADLY FORT HOOD SHOOTING
MAY HAVE HAD A VERBAL
ALTERCATION WITH ANOTHER SOLDIER
AND WAS BEING TREATED FOR A
VARIETY OF MENTAL HEALTH
ISSUES.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
ALSO AHEAD THIS THURSDAY: A
VETERAN WAR CORRESPONDENT WRAPS
UP HER 13-YEAR STINT IN
AFGHANISTAN WITH A LOOK AT
SUSPECTED COLLUSION BETWEEN THE
TALIBAN AND PAKASTANI
INTELLIGENCE.
>> Woodruff: PLUS, RECREATING
THE DRAMA OF THE 1978 CAMP DAVID
MIDDLE EAST PEACE TALKS ON
STAGE.
>> WHAT I WAS TRYING TO DO IS
RETRIEVE SOMETHING THAT'S VERY
IMPORTANT, THAT'S BEEN
NEGLECTED, AND IT WAS AN
EXTRAORDINARY ACHIEVEMENT.
>> Woodruff: THOSE ARE JUST
SOME OF THE STORIES WE'RE
COVERING ON TONIGHT'S PBS
NEWSHOUR.